Update docstrings (#1240)
huawei-noah/SMARTS: docs/sim/observations.rst

    * `reached_max_episode_steps` - `True` if the vehicle has reached its max episode steps
* `ego_vehicle_state` - a `VehicleObservation` `NamedTuple` for the ego vehicle with the following fields:
    * `id` - a string identifier for this vehicle

>     * `position` - A 3D array (x, y, z) of the center of the vehicle bounding box's bottom plane

Reviewer: `type(position) = numpy.ndarray`
`position.dtype = float64`
`position.shape = (3,)`

```suggestion
    * `position` - Coordinate of the center of the vehicle bounding box's bottom plane. shape=(3,). dtype=np.float64.
```

I think it is not a 3D array.

    * `bounding_box` - `Dimensions` data class for the `length`, `width`, `height` of the vehicle
    * `heading` - vehicle heading in radians
    * `speed` - agent speed in m/s

>     * `steering` - angle of front wheels in radians within [-1:1]

Reviewer: Can we check whether the steering output is in radians between [-math.pi, math.pi] or is in normalised numbers within [-1, 1]?

Author: I seem to have made a mistake here, it should be just radians.

Author: I believe I had it confused with the inputs for controllers.

    * `yaw_rate` - rotational speed in radian per second
    * `road_id` - the identifier for the road nearest to this vehicle
    * `lane_id` - a globally unique identifier of the lane under this vehicle 
    * `lane_index` - index of the lane under this vehicle, right most lane has index 0 and the index increments to the left
    * `mission` - a field describing the vehicle plotted route

>     * `linear_velocity` - A 3D array of vehicle velocities in body coordinate frame
>     * `angular_velocity` - A 3D array of angular velocity vector
>     * `linear_acceleration` - A 3D array of linear acceleration vector (requires accelerometer sensor)
>     * `angular_acceleration` - A 3D array of angular acceleration vector (requires accelerometer sensor)
>     * `linear_jerk` - A 3D array of linear jerk vector (requires accelerometer sensor)
>     * `angular_jerk` - A 3D array of angular jerk vector (requires accelerometer sensor)

Reviewer: They don't seem to be 3D arrays. 
```suggestion
    * `linear_velocity` - Vehicle velocity along body coordinate axes. A numpy array of shape=(3,) and dtype=np.float64.
    * `angular_velocity` - Angular velocity vector. A numpy array of shape=(3,) and dtype=np.float64.
    * `linear_acceleration` - Linear acceleration vector. A numpy array of shape=(3,). dtype=np.float64. Requires accelerometer sensor.
    * `angular_acceleration` - Angular acceleration vector. A numpy array of shape=(3,) and dtype=np.float64. Requires accelerometer sensor. 
    * `linear_jerk` - Linear jerk vector. A numpy array of shape=(3,) and dtype=np.float64. Requires accelerometer sensor.
    * `angular_jerk` - Angular jerk vector. A numpy array of shape=(3,) and dtype=np.float64. Requires accelerometer sensor. 
```
